Updating roles/permissions for CA data (#16808)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/signin-get.md

## Permissions

> Any Azure AD user can read their own sign-ins. In order to read sign-ins beyond those where the signed in user is the actor, one of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

Reviewer: Same suggestions/Qs apply to the other 3 files
- Suggestion: Let's keep the intro sentence as-is and instead add a note after the table to cover this first sentence, "Any Azure AD user can read their own sign-ins."
- Q: By saying "the permissions are only required to read sign-ins beyond those where the signed in user is the actor, ", do we mean a user with just _User.Read_ should be able to call this API?

```suggestion
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).
```

+ Security Operator
+ Security Reader

> ### Viewing applied CA policies in sign-ins
> The Applied CA Policies listed in [appliedConditionalAccessPolicy](../resources/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md) are only available to users and apps with roles that allow them to read conditional access data. If a user or app has permissions to read sign-in logs but not permission to read conditional access data, the [appliedConditionalAccessPolicy](../resources/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md) portion of the response will be omitted. The following roles grant users permissions to view conditional access data:
> 
> + Global Reader
> + Company Administrator
> + Security Administrator
> + Security Reader
> + Conditional Access Administrator
> 
> Applications must have at least one of the following permissions to see [appliedConditionalAccessPolicy](../resources/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md) in the logs. 
> 
> + Policy.Read.All
> + Policy.ReadWrite.ConditionalAccess
> + Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess
> 

Reviewer: - Given the signIns reference the conditionalAccessPolicy resource only through the **appliedConditionalAccessPolicies** property, I've suggested some changes in where we reference the property vs where we reference the resource.
- Same suggestion applies in the other 3 files.
- I recommend you use an include file to make maintenance easier.

```suggestion
### Viewing applied conditional access (CA) policies in sign-ins
The applied CA policies listed in **appliedConditionalAccessPolicies** property are only available to users and apps with roles that allow them to read [conditional access data](../resources/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md). If a user or app has permissions to read sign-in logs but not permission to read conditional access data, the **appliedConditionalAccessPolicies** property in the response will be omitted. The following Azure AD roles grant users permissions to view conditional access data:

+ Global Reader
+ Company Administrator
+ Security Administrator
+ Security Reader
+ Conditional Access Administrator

Applications must have at least one of the following permissions to see [appliedConditionalAccessPolicy](../resources/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md) objects in the sign-in logs. 

+ Policy.Read.All
+ Policy.ReadWrite.ConditionalAccess
+ Policy.Read.ConditionalAccess

```
